refactor(kube-api-rewriter): remove deprecation warnings from CRDs (#219)
deckhouse/virtualization: images/virt-artifact/patches/README.md

{"component":"virt-operator","level":"info","msg":"clusterrole kubevirt-internal-virtualization-controller patched","pos":"core.go:142","timestamp":"2024-07-09T16:03:18.138751Z"}
```

#### `017-fix-vmi-subresource-url.patch`

Use virtualization-api instead subresources.kubevirt.io for vmi operations.

#### `018-rename-devices-kubevirt-io.patch`

Rename additional resources previded with Device Plugin API to not overlap with original Kubevirt.

Rename unix-socket path used for register devices.

#### `/019-remove-deprecation-warnings-from-crds.patch`

> Virtualization-controller don't use deprecated versions. Deprecation warning are distracting in our case.

Reviewer: doesn't

Reviewer: Deprecation warning **is** distracting in our case.

Reviewer: Do we need a "/" on line 91? Other patches do not have this.

Author: Fixed

> #### `/019-remove-deprecation-warnings-from-crds.patch`
> 
> Virtualization-controller don't use deprecated versions. Deprecation warning are distracting in our case.

Author: ```suggestion
#### `019-remove-deprecation-warnings-from-crds.patch`

Virtualization-controller doesn't use deprecated apiGroup versions. Deprecation warnings are distracting in our case.
```
